---
layout: post
title:  "Sunny"
date:   2014-01-1
excerpt: "An immortal with a vested interest in protecting the drifters."
image: /images/sunnyPic.png
tag:
- highway
- brass tree
- immortals
---

## Sunny
Campaign: Age of Heroes

### Personality
An immortal who appears to be allied with the drifters. While she seldom intervenes with the affairs of the drifters, she often appears to be apologetic towards their situation and attempts to help them by offering information before their trials. Sunny typically appears to act stern and distant from the group, but acts the most human of the triune gods. In several cases, she appears to be attempting to protect the drifters, sometimes even warning them against pursing the missions that she is intended to introduce.

### Mythos
Typically appears with white hair, before or after events with the drifters. Sunny typically wears a black coat or dress, and always wears a pair of sunglasses with her outfit. Sunny is most often seen with Mr.Smith, and appears to have a connection with Lucielle Johnson (although Lucielle has never been seen directly with the two). In the triune, Sunny appears to be the most opposed to Lucielle Johnson's methods. Sunny seems to send the drifters on missions out of necessity, rather than malice.

Supposedly, Sunny and Mr.Smith are siblings. It is also assumed that Sun (Illumina) is a younger version of Sunny.

### Drifters
Sunny typically appears alongside Mr.Smith when the drifters embark on missions. Sunny has introduced most of the Highway missions, including Station 17, the Wild Wild West, the Space Station, and Coney Island.

Sunny also made an appearance at Mt.Hood, accompanying Mr.Smith at the funeral of the drifters who were killed at the observatory.

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/user/isittooshortornotavailable/playlist/7I117mF27GohjsWbF5dSEQ" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
