---
layout: post
title:  "Velvet"
date:   2014-01-4
excerpt: "Matron of the Afterlife."
image: /images/velvetPic.png
tag:
- drachend
- reborn
- immortals
---

## Velvet
Campaign: Drachend, Reborn

### Personality
A young lady who appears to have little memory of the outside world, being secluded to her Trial of Heroes her entire life. She appears curious about everything, but also subservient to those in higher authority than her. She appears in two states: one innocent and naiive, eagerly pursing and praising the drifters as they made their way through the Trials, and the other as a bitter spirit hoping to inflict as much suffering as possible onto her killers. Velvet appears to be largely unaware of the affairs of other immortals, and appears to be at the bottom of the immortal foodchain.

### Mythos
Velvet oversaw the Trial of Heroes, and is implied to have done so for quite some time. After passing the second trial of heroes, she began to take up residence as a steward of the afterlife for when the drifters died in combat. She appears as a young girl with long blonde hair, usually wearing a pastel dress with a velvet skirt. In her initial "Velvet" form, her arms were partially mechanical, with iron plates overlaid onto her arms. Durign her second appearance as "Violet", however, these were missing.

The association of Velvet with wolves comes as a result of the drifters, where each set of drifters was attacked by wolves before finding the trial. After learning that Velvet had little knowledge of the outside world, each group of drifters individually decided to gift her wolf teeth. As a result, Velvet's spirit is represented with a blue ghost wolf, and she has the ability to summon Feast Beasts which are friendly towards her.

Velvet has an "employer", although who that is is not clear. After the second trial of heroes, she was escorted away by two people in black suits who did not appear to be Sunny or Mr.Smith, possibly indicating an association with the apothecarists.

### Drifters
The Trial of Heroes page contains all information related to encounters with Velvet in her semi-mortal state. It is important to note that Velvet says that many other groups have attempted the Trial of Heroes and always failed, with the exception of the drifters.

Following the second Trial of Heroes, drifters who came close to death began to have visions of her cottage in the woods and wolves running before being revived. Once Bojo was killed in the tunnels beneath Uln, it was revealed that Velvet was serving as a greeter into the afterlife. It is not currently known what her role in the afterlife is, however she appears to have become a matron to some capacity for the drifters who have died.

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/user/isittooshortornotavailable/playlist/3p5VjjX19O2NXLGf6aXntq" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
