---
layout: post
title:  "Mr.Smith"
date:   2014-01-2
excerpt: "Chauffeur of the drifters."
image: /images/smithLayers.png
tag:
- highway
- brass tree
- immortals
---

## Mr.Smith
Campaign: Age of Heroes

### Personality
A man of few words, typically betraying little of his character and simply moving the drifters to where they need to be. Interestingly enough, however, he appears to favor Sunny over Lucielle Johnson. He appears to have a no-nonsense attitude like Sunny, preferring to be quiet and threatening from the sidelines.

### Mythos
Mr.Smith appears either accompanying Sunny or, more often, driving the drifters to their next location. His most notable role has been a chauffer for the group, typically saying little before delivering the drifters to their next mission or directly to Lucielle Johnson himself. Out of the triune, Mr.Smith appears to be the most detatched from the drifters, not wishing them ill-will but not expressing concern for their safety like Sunny. He appears to be sided with Sunny, but also appears to serve Lucielle Johnson at least to some degree. 

He always appears in a black suit and tie with a black hat. He appears to be associated with a lynx, and is sometimes portrayed with supernatural eyesight. Supposedly, Sunny and Mr.Smith are siblings.

### Drifters
On most occasions, Mr.Smith has just been a chauffer to the drifters, driving anything from school buses to limos to bring the drifters to where they need to be. 

His last sighting was accompanying Sunny on Mt.Hood, attending the funeral of the drifters who were killed at the observatory.
<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/user/isittooshortornotavailable/playlist/4L8w6xifoo65Y6pk1Hc1d9" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
