---
layout: post
title:  "Vigil"
date:   2015-01-10
excerpt: "Turncoat dragonborn, sworn to his lady."
image: /images/vigilPic.png
tag:
- ashen
- drifter 
---

## Vigil
Campaign: Ashen

### Personality

A somewhat callous dragonborn sworn to his employer. Vigil is easily startled, despite his looks. While he can be surly and distant at times, most of his interactions were that of incredulousness directed at the actions of the drifters. He appears interested in the adventuring life, though somewhat put-off by the reckless nature of the drifters.

### Description

Vigil is a silver dragonborn who favors something between a fighter and a rogue style of combat. His appearance is that of a trained assassin, wearing tight black cloth but bradishing the symbol of his company in a large bronze oval disk on his chest. He wears a knit muzzle mask that encompasses most of his face and hides facial expressions. In battle, he wields two thin and simple longswords. He is one of few dragonborns to sport two full sets of horns, one set traditional and another set ram.

### Story

Largely unknown. He appears to be a mercenary for the tiefling lady, and it has been hinted that he owes her some great debt. He appears to have lived in Besna for quite some time, and appears to carry out the lady's "dirty" work.

### Drifters

Vigil was originally "gifted" to the drifters as a mercenary overseeing their travel through Besna as they awaited word from Lord Edith. His lady, a mysterious tiefling who's name I've long forgotten, proposed a treaty with the drifters that they could work each other's influnces to see Lord Edith sooner. The drifter's agreed to her terms warily, and accepted Vigil into the group in the meantime. Vigil was met with hostility from most of the group, save for Skozz and the Lantern Carrier, who roped him into their discussions at the inn the second night they settled down in the area. Vigil admonished the group's actions, especially those of Bojo, and called the drifters out for being a rather odd bunch of adventurers with a pretty chaotic tendency.

Accompanying the drifters on their way up to the Observer's Temple, Vigil (now played by the DM) aided the group in battle, but was the only member of the party who was not immediately onboard with aiding Kingsley Oldbeard. He ended up joining the fight against Baumen anyways, but was his reasoning was mostly to stick alongside the group.

In the aftermath of the battle, Vigil returned and split off from the group to speak with his lady. As the rest of the party, exhausted and beaten, were driven into the cell below Besna's central building, it was revealed that Vigil had been a double agent. Vigil had accompanied the party to feed information on their whereabouts and actions to his lady, who had been planning to imprison them from the start.

Unbeknownst to the drifters, it was later revealed that Vigil had not been looped into his lady's plans, and had been genuinely attempting to help them while keeping tabs on them. After learning that the drifters had been imprisoned, he expressed outrage at the incident. Despite the lady tiefling returning at the end of the Ashen arc, Vigil was never seen in her stead after the incident.

### Relationships

-Lilith: Another silver dragonborn that joined the Drifters around the same time as Vigil. Despite her attempts at friendship, he barely notices her.

-Skozz and the Lantern Carrier: Two members of the drifters who showed little apprehension for Vigil's enterance into the group

-Vigil's Employer: Vigil follows her orders precisely and without hesitation

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/user/isittooshortornotavailable/playlist/2EhtmG2JqSybBChNE5gyaG" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
