---
layout: post
title:  "Nox"
date:   2015-01-4
excerpt: "Gorilla-blessed bruiser."
image: /images/noxPic.png
tag:
- ronin
- call of cthulu
- drifter 
---

## Nox
Campaign: Ronin

### Personality
A somewhat apathetic bruiser of few words. He appears to be honest and hard-working, with a good work ethic and a somewhat lax attitude towards his job. He's concerned about getting the job done well, but doesn't go out of his way for anyone's good. That being said, he has loyalty to his clan and the people therein, circling back to help allies even if putting himself in tough situations. He is a manic collector of totems and is currently homeless, scraping by from job to job and staying in the Ronin safehouse. He is superstituous, but well-grounded in most matters.

### Description
A gigantic, burly brawler with shaggy hair and a squished face. Wears an old leather biker's jacket and old, torn clothing that is in need of being patched up. His right bicep has a large tattoo of a gorilla skull surrounded by metal studs. He is gruff in appearance, with a crooked hunched posture, but is powerful enough to fight without a weapon. His bulk is enough to offer steady standing when being pushed around by enemy attacks, and he is able to absorb a great deal of damage before going down. His fighting style is a flurry of brutal punches designed to disable an enemy and break their bones.

### Story
One of the first members recruited into the Ronin Clan, and by far the most trusted by Overwatch. Nox is consistently reliable in his work, although the weak start of the Ronin Clan fed into his reputation for finishing missions sloppily. Nontheless, he remains one of the most feared members of the clan, with a decent reputation outside of it as well.

Nox is tight for cash and often spends nights at the Ronin safehouse. No one tells him he can't, partially thanks to his contribution to the clan but also because of his massive stature. 

### Drifters
Nox is the lead fighter for the Ronin clan, tanking a great deal of fighting and intervening when members of the Ronin clan are threatened. Nox is a beast on the battlefield, striking fear into enemies of clan, and crushing those who try to interfere with their plans. During their first drifter encounter, Felicia and Nox drew off the attention of the police in the bar and Nox led a rooftop chase, ending in Nox destroyed a rusty ladder to prevent being followed and breaking several ribs during a failed jump off the roof.

During the bank heist, Nox helped to secure the bank and later carried the team. Once Felicia and Sora had been stabbed by the Monarch, Nox avoided her and set off the explosives on the upper level. Nox carried both to a lower level and later went back to save Texas as well. During the last minutes of their escape, Nox saved Felicia's life before Lucielle Johnson showed up to escort them all back. Nox aggravated his chest injury during this mission and shattered a leg in the process.

While parlaying with another clan, Nox witnessed a hand rise up from the lake and take hold of the bait set by Felicia. When trying to explain this to the others, he was laughed off. Nox was also the only one to come to the medic's aid during the duel with the other clan, breaking orders to stand aside and instead intervening to save a clanmate's life. He went toe-to-toe with a high-standing officer of the rival clan, earning his title as the Ronin's most powerful fighter. 

### Relationships
-Felicia: the two are some of the oldest Ronin clan members and both bum at the Ronin safehouse. Besides having complimenting skills on missions, they also are both familiar with the old gods. They are both wild conspiracy theorists, sharing varied topics on old dieties and cryptids. Following the bank heist, they are able to fuse together into Chupacabrawl.

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/user/isittooshortornotavailable/playlist/3wgqSIz5sbm01cJAFPwb8x" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
