---
layout: post
title:  "Alpha"
date:   2015-01-16
excerpt: "The mad monk of the seas."
image: /images/alphaPic.png
tag:
- letterer
- drifter 
---

## Alpha

### 2/9

Campaign: All (First appeared in Drachend)

### Personality

A madwoman with desires to lead a band of pirates across the sea. Her suave nature and composure are both her greatest strengths and her greatest downfalls. She has a very trusting and open demeanor, but her ability to walk bold-faced into dangerous situations often gets her badly injured. She seems self-assured in everything she does, and it's proved difficult to catch her off-guard. Unfortunately, her madness also causes her to be highly unpredicatable. She cares deeply for the safety of her crew and their mission, but shows little regard for her own well-being (never sleeping unless forced).

### Description

A tall human woman with unkept black hair. She wears cheap pale red robes and a silver emblem of the Drifters. She is missing the lower part of her left leg, and instead has a beautifully-crafted pegleg of ivory, carved into the shape of a curling chimera. She fights mainly with both her open-hand techniques and her lantern staff. Alpha primarily interrupts enemy attacks, either taking the damage to prevent an ally's defeat or tanking damage to allow others to escape. She uses schemes constantly (more often than not, involving fire). She's an equally respectable and terrifying presence on the battlefield, sporting both a healthy amount of honor and mercy as well as a brutish nature.

### Story

The Lantern Carrier, post Ashen Drifters. Following her reunion with Lady Parhelion, the Lantern Carrier assisted her leader in their attempts to free the rest of the Nine. With the Lantern Carrier's assistance (as well as the twin theives), Lady Parhelion was finally able to free a member of the Nine from imprisonment.

With the turn of events, the freed members of the Nine set a plan in motion to search for components while Lady Parhelion recovered from her injuries. The Lantern Carrier, running communication between the freed members of the Nine, set out on her own to pursue rumors of anti-magic in the oceanic realms.

### Letterer

Alpha first appeared while pursuing Vivaldi, whom she had hoped to track back to his homeland. Immediately, both Vivaldi and Isabelle attempted to seduce Alpha (with little effect, save for Alpha flirting back and causing Isabelle to faint). During discussions of arranging travel, Alpha quickly recruited Ka, Isabelle, and Oscar, under the pretense that Isabelle could steal them a boat. As the group set off, Alpha also recruited (kidnapped?) Tommy to aid in their mission. Once Tommy and Isabelle explained they could not leave the island without first raiding his parents' manor, Alpha agreed to go with to keep an eye on Vivaldi. 

During the raid on the manor, Alpha saved Tommy and Isabelle several times. First by causing a distraction when Tommy broke a valuable vase, and later by charging in and taking out the guards before they could kill the escaping theives. In the ensuing chaos, Alpha lost sight of Vivaldi and attempted to track him back down. Their reunion was cut short when guards took them in for questioning, and Alpha's brilliant scheme of setting a tree on fire failed. Vivaldi fled, causing Alpha to attack the guard to try to get away as well. Alpha took heavy wounds again, and was unable to be revived by the guards in the barracks. Luckily, Ka showed up at the last minute to save the woman's life. Alpha immediately took off in pursuit of Vivaldi once more, much to Ka's chagrin.

Still being chased by guards, Alpha ran along rooftop to catch up with Vivaldi and tackled him to the ground. Vivaldi fiegned ignorance to who Alpha was, and Alpha was quickly arrested by the guards to be taken in for questioning. Oscar, being oblivious to the situation, put on his stolen guard uniform and followed suit. He was soon shackled and thrown into the same cell as Alpha. Alpha was questioned and explained the situation (the only lie told was that she did not commit arson, which somehow the guards believed). While Oscar was sentenced to be hanged in the morning, Alpha was simply to be held in the prison until further notice.

On Vivaldi's request, the guards attempted to confiscate the letter he had given her as a promise that he would not flee. Alpha refused to humor the request, claiming that Vivaldi would "break his oath" if he reclaimed the letter, and that any who take it from her would be branded theives. The guards begrudgingly knocked her out and took the letter, as well as her lantern staffs.

Isabelle arranged for the crew to break Alpha out of prison the following night, seducing a client of hers into giving her access to the cells. The crew successfully recovered the unconscious Alpha and Oscar, but were quickly set upon by guards. Alpha, regaining consciousness but sustaining a heavy concussion, single-handedly disposed of most of the guards and carried the giant out of the prison herself. During the escape, several blocks away, Alpha went back in an attempt to save Oscar, who had become gravely injured. She was able to save the lives of both Oscar and Ka, and stayed up the entire night to tend to their wounds. 

Alpha created a make-shift lantern staff the following day. During their botched escape from the city, Alpha took down several guards (non-lethally), and cleared the way for the crew to secure the wagon. After Oscar's unsuccessful attempts to drive the oxen forward, Alpha took the reins and immediately spurred hte beast forward, running over several guards in the process and turning the beast into a weapon of sorts (her nickname, Alpha, came from this scene). 

Following their escape, Alpha was urged by the crew to sleep, as she had not done so for several days. She refused, insisting that they continue forward. Weak and badly injured, Alpha guarded the wagon while the rest of the crew went into town for more information on the wrecked boat's whereabouts. She traded away the ox and cart to a nearby stable in exchange for two horses for the woodland. As a thank-you, she gifted the horses to Isabelle and Ka once the crew reassembled. Ka, in response, sadly knocked Alpha out with a frying pan and slung her over the horse. Alpha, badly exhausted and bloodied slept the entire journey and well through the night.

Once recovered, Alpha set off with Isabelle and Tommy to scout for bandits ahead. Alpha and Isabelle stormed the bandit's keep, quickly dispatching of the drunkards inside and using them to barricade the final door until the others arrived. Alpha suggested smoking out the room first to prevent a surprise attack, but once the crew broke out into arguments, Alpha instead busted the door with raw strength. She was caught in a flurry of sneak attacks and impaled by the theif lord's sword, but quickly regained her footing with Vivaldi's aid and killed the theif lord with a broomstick.

### Relationships

- Ka and Isabelle: Two of Alpha's most trusted companions. Ka has saved Alpha several times, and Isabelle has vouched for her on multiple accounts.

- Tommy: Alpha has little opinion of Tommy, seeing him as a lowly merc. Tommy likes Alpha's style of fighting.

- Vivaldi: Alpha hunted Vivaldi for several weeks, eager to get information. She now views him as an oathbreaker, and has no respect for him.

- Oscar: Alpha thinks he's an idiot. She's not wrong.


<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/4RtWyWFRIygBD7eHpQwOTD" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
