---
layout: post
title:  "Felicia Felicia"
date:   2015-01-3
excerpt: "Quick thief with a cat mask."
image: /images/yezPic.png
tag:
- ronin
- apothecaries
- call of cthulu
- drifter 
---

! This characer is currently in play, so the page will remain incomplete !

## Felicia Felicia
Campaign: Apothecaries, Ronin
Other Names: Katherine
**4/9**

### Personality
A run-of-the-mill thief with a knack for vanishing, acrobatics, and pin-point accuracy. Felicia tends to be laid-back in nature, but is in fact quite cautious and studious when it comes to her profession. Her cockiness lends itself to her relaxed nature, but her skills match what she claims them to be. She is loyal, almost to a fault, but is quick to think her way into and out of situations. All-in-all, she has a tendency to roll with the punches, but tries to avoid problems altogether rather than face them head-on.

### Description
Felicia is a short girl of unknown ethnicity with a hooded cloak and cat mask. The right half of her face has been heavily scarred, with bits of metal shrapnel still visible near her eye. Gauze and duct tape hold her cheek together, preventing her from eating solid food. She is an assassin, being a skilled thief as well as dangerously fast with knives and pistols. Her ability to take cover and sneak around allows her to set traps with ease and move into more advantageous positions, although it also means her allies become bigger targets as she leaves the battlefield. Felicia typically wears gold colors and some cat sigil. Along her inner forearm, she has a tattoo of a golden hand surrounded by needles and thread.

### Story
Found at a raided village, recently wounded from a grenade, and rescued by the Apothecaries. Going by the name Katherine, it soon became clear that Felicia was not actually from that village. She trained briefly as a nurse with the Apothecaries before her talent for magic was discovered, and she was forced into being a magic researcher with the group. A few monthes into her missions, she vanished.

She later reappeared under the name Felicia in Tokyo a few hundred years later, recruited by Overwatch and Nox into being a point theif in the Ronin clan. During her time with the Ronin clan, she was known for being homeless and bumming around the safehouse, feeding the local stray cats, and recieving copious amounts of mail.

### Drifters
Felicia was the lead thief for the Ronin clan, surprisingly competent in her work despite her awful luck. During her first mission with the drifters, Felicia stole the gun from behind the rival clan bar's counter and managed to dodge several knife strikes during the fight while being completely disarmed. Felicia helped Nox climb the escape ladder out from the celler of the bar. When the others were left behind in the police raid, Felicia and Nox drew off their attention by firing a pistol in the adjacent alley and roof-hopping until they were in the clear and the others had time to escape.

During the bank heist, Felicia secured the keycard for opening the top vault. She was one of the loudest arguers of "not going loud until absolutely necessary", and finally triggered "going loud" by dropping from the cieling grate and shooting the steam pipes above the lounge. After dragging an injured Nox back to the group, she went alone to destroy the vault and was gutted by the Monarch. Nox later returned to finish destroying the top floor and grabbed his fallen allies, but Felicia was exposed to the Black Lotus drug in the air. As the group made their final escape from the bank, Sora and Felicia both took a fall and were on death's door before being rescued by the patriarch, Lucielle Johnson. Felicia developed a phobia of cars and an addiction to Black Lotus as a result of the heist.

When making parley with a friendly clan, Felicia devised a strategy for seeing if anything dangerous was lurking in the water by tying a fish cake to a boat she pushed out of dock. But, she did not stick around to see its results. Sick of being without money, Felicia and Savvy (Evans) teamed up to con the owner of the inn out of her money. Before the ensuing fight with the other clan at the docks, Felicia stole a sample of Black Lotus from the plantation nearby.

It is known that she goes by a fake name.

### Relationships
-Nox: the two are some of the oldest Ronin clan members and both bum at the Ronin safehouse. Besides having complimenting skills on missions, they also are both familiar with the old gods. They are both wild conspiracy theorists, sharing varied topics on old dieties and cryptids. Following the bank heist, they are able to fuse together into Chupacabrawl.

-Lady Parhelion, The Lantern Carrier, Sharyn Ann, Reed: All members of a group called the Nine of the North.

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/user/isittooshortornotavailable/playlist/1P6tBvJBuzQs5WjXTVOF2z" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
