---
layout: post
title:  "Lilith"
date:   2015-01-9
excerpt: "Silver dragonborn with a friendly persona."
image: /images/lilithPic.png
tag:
- ashen
- drifter 
---

## Lilith
Campaign: Ashen

### Personality

A somewhat eccentric young dragonborn excited by the idea of travelling with the drifters. Despite her thorny appearance, Lilith does her best to make herself amiable with others, going out of her way to tail the others and earn their favor. While she values her friends and family above most everything else, she also appears to have a very set moral compass. She's quick to arms, but is also easily calmed and swayed into talks of peace.

### Description

Lilith is a large, slender silver dragonborn with twisting tan horns. Unlike most dragonborn, her spines are more cartilage than scale, giving her a better balance and faster movement when dashing around a battlefield. Lilith is skilled with the bow and arrow, and makes all her arrows in the shape of her tail's tip.

### Story

Following their arrival at [not Uln], Lilith joined the drifters. Nothing is known about the dragonborn before this time.

### Drifters

Lilith joined the drifters during their travels through [not Uln]. She spent time with them in the city before heading to the temple with the group. Lilith spent most of the time in the group trying to befriend various members and helping to scout the city.

### Relationships

- Bojo: Lilith's closest friend among the drifters. Lilith has tried desperately to become Bojo's friend, tailing him into the saunas and on his midnight horse murders. Despite her best efforts, Bojo never showed more than passing interest at becoming her friend.

- Swordfrog: Lilith once shot Swordfrog for telling a pun in the middle of combat, killing him temporarily. They might be friends.

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/user/isittooshortornotavailable/playlist/0t41XhSdYPN7HBfjvMZbt6" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
