---
layout: post
title:  "Skozz Stonebrow"
date:   2015-01-13
excerpt: "Dwarven leader of the Ashen Drifters."
image: /images/skozzPic.png
tag:
- reborn
- ashen
- drifter 
---

## Skozz Stonebrow
Campaign: Reborn, Ashen

### Personality

A patient demon-hunter dwarf focused on his mission to lead the drifters and help bring restoration to the world. Skozz is dedicated to his work as a follower of Baumen, and his priorities to heal and protect solidify him as a necessity among the group. During their travels, Skozz's intuition and focus helped tie together the drifters and force them into a state of unity, even against his own god. He appears to value honesty and hard work. However, Skozz has also been shown to be a bit tricky, fighting fire with fire when dealing with the more chaotic members of the group.

### Description

Skozz is a cleric dwarf who weilds a one-handed warhammer. He wears simple clothing adorned with a few totems indicating his tie to Baumen, including a twisted belt and circlet. His stone warhammer is emblazoned with the symbol of the drifters. In battle, Skozz was initially armed with a sword that had a chance to light itself on fire. Once the Ashen arc began, however, Skozz took up his warhammer and regained his clerical magic. Skozz helped to coordinate drifters on the battlefield, and his powerful healing magic kept the team on their feet. Despite this, Skozz was also known for missing frequently with his warhammer, as well as getting hit and going down in the first round of combat.

### Story

Skozz is a follower of Baumen. His brother, Dragnal Stonebrow, stopped the sacrifice at Baumen's tree, releasing the corruption of the land and setting into action the events of the Ashen arc. Before becoming on the Reborn, Skozz was a demon-hunter. Sometime soonafter, Skozz was killed and resurrected as reborn.

### Drifters

During the Reborn arc, Skozz made his name largely by being the "good" counterpart to most of the group. Skozz became a key fighter in several skirmishes due to his magical sword, and became well-known for being one of the few drifters attempting to follow quests without sabotaging the quest givers or other drifters. He had an outstanding rivalry with Andrew's tiefling, which many believed would eventually blossom into a full-scale fight that would divide the drifters, but tensions became smoothed over near the battle with Tetsu.

Once the Ashen arc began, Skozz took on a more authoritative role. He became the spokesman of the drifters, being and the forefront of conversations with town leaders representing the drifters as a whole. During the initial attack on the boat when entering Uln, he was mistakenly attacked by the Lantern Carrier on the bow of the ship. He later revived her and several other downed members during the battle, but was nearly killed himself near the end of the fight. Once entering Uln, he earned the favor of Bojo by accepting his friendship request.

After the Lantern Carrier lost her leg in Uln's ceremony, he initially offered to pay for her new one, as did the Observer. Following a blitzkrieg of wandering around town, Skozz later rallied the drifters to venture beneath Uln to attempt to retrieve the cannon from the other side of the city. During the subsequent battle with the Chimera, Skozz was hit by the Chimera's fiery breath and fell in combat, but not before healing up several drifters.

Upon returning to the dungeon beneath Uln, Skozz was one of the few drifters trapped in the water elemental's room, fending off four very zesty buckets of water. Skozz famously missed an attack against a stationary metal grate, and began to drown soonafter. After escaping, Skozz proved invaluable when most of the drifters fell against a banshee attack. His healing efforts saved the lives of all but one drifter. At the end of the dungeon, there was a hot standoff between Skozz and Vaus as to whether the Water Elemental Ring was to be destroyed or kept. Skozz ultimately caved and allowed for Vaus to keep the ring, although this became a point of contention between them for quite some time.

Skozz became a friend of Admiral Ye in Uln, and led the drifters up to the next city in search of a map and following a letter's instructions. Fearing that one of the other drifters would sabotage the mission, he forged several copies of the letter and hid them on his person in case of pickpocketers. Upon reaching the edge of the city, he befriended Kingsley Oldbeard and discovered a love for dwarven ale. Within the city itself, Skozz was shown to be much more wary than in the past, setting alarms in the inns they stayed at and sending letters back to Admiral Ye out of precaution.

When approaching the Temple of the Observer, Skozz placed a totem of Baumen in the water and was one of the few drifters who did not recieve the mark of the Observer as a result. He and the Lantern Carrier were the first to offer aid to Kingsley in retrieving the book beneath the temple. During the encounter with Baumen, Skozz was greeted warmly by his deity, but tensions rose between the two as Skozz learned his plan for overturning the world with monstrous zombie amalgamates. Skozz decided to fight against Baumen to free him from corruption, even going so far as to weild Baumen's own magic to heal the drifters wounded by Baumen himself.

Once thrown in prison, Skozz spent most his time befriending the Lantern Carrier in Infernal, as well as chatting with [what's his face] to recieve more information about the state of the city. He spent most of his time in the prison enthusing about which drifer would be the best to kill and eat once the food ran out, much to the amusement of the other infernal-speakers. Once released from prison, Skozz had plans to rally an army together to take on Baumen's corrupted force.

### Relationships

-Kingsley Oldbeard: Both dwarves who share old dwarven values. Skozz has expressed great joy at finally getting to spend time with another person from his race. Doubly so since Kingsley carries dwarven ale.

-Baumen: Skozz is shown to have mixed feelings on Baumen. While he is wholley dedicated to Baumen and his cause, Skozz has also admitted that he believes this version of Baumen to have been corrupted, as well as believing that the gods are only very strong immortals.

-The Lantern Carrier: A mirrored voice of reason, at times. Skozz and the Lantern Carrier bonded mostly when kept in prison for several months, chatting in infernal. Both were revealed to have a more chaotic nature than originally expected, as well as sharing values on morality. They spent a great deal of time planning the drifter's next moves, and later would assist each other in keeping the group united in all fields.

-Vaus: Despite his best efforts to be friendly, Skozz was never able to win over Vaus's favor. Both were holymen of differing faiths, with Vaus being a much more lax and harsh hero than expected. After a trick pulled by the Lantern Carrier, however, the two began to get along quite well.

-Andrew's Tiefling: Skozz views the tiefling as ungrateful and unwilling to assist the drifters. Tensions ran hot between the two, heightened by Skozz's hatred for demons and demonkind.

-Baba Yaga: Skozz is wary of Baba Yaga, and keeps a close eye on him throughout every fight.

-Bojo: Skozz is friends with Bojo in a loose sense of the word. It's a mostly one-sided relationship, but Skozz does not show animosity towards the elf.


<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/user/isittooshortornotavailable/playlist/2g45xjUmw3fKDyat4zgY2l" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
