---
layout: post
title:  "Bojo"
date:   2015-01-19
excerpt: "Elegant and seductive drow... until he speaks."
image: /images/bojoPic.png
tag:
- reborn
- ashen
- drifter
---

## Bojo

Campaign: Reborn, Ashen

### Personality
A baffling character all around. Bojo speaks in illiterate third person in common, giving off a likely accurate impression of not being the most intelligent being but kind in heart. Bojo sees the world split into groups of friends and not-friends and his actions are dictated by who is in what group, though those actions can be completely bizarre to those that are not Bojo. He may chop off a horse's head, a known threat and hunt to Bojo, and throw it at a friend as a thoughtful gift, and give an enemy free clothing because Bojo thinks the pants are scratchy and wanted to give the person pain. Most people find it easier to smile and nod at Bojo's antics and continue onward as he is mostly harmless.

### Description

Bojo takes the form of a disturbingly attractive male drow with flowing white hair. He wears black tight leather accentuating his glistening muscles and curves, further adding to the confusion when his personality is anything but seductive. Over his shoulders he wears his rusted bagpipes and a sack used as a carrier for his trusted pet companion goblin Schmee. While he was a brute barbarian fighting before thinking when he was in his reborn form, as a drow Bojo has been forced to recognize his own weakness and opts to assist his party members and yell numerous explitives at enemies before fleeing when enemies get too close. On the common occasion where Bojo is tricked into drinking alcohol, he either becomes completely incapacitated or seems to lose his fear of battle and fights close combat with the courage he once had. His often accidental choices on the battlefield act as an element of surprise for both enemies and allies alike, which are what likely assisted Bojo in surviving as long as he has.

### Story

Originally a centaur, Bojo's parents were banished from their nomadic group due to their shockingly slow speed. His parents Turbo and Vixen took refuge at the local secluded town Galena and became prominent figures there. Bojo was born years later and was set to also take an important role in the town economic functions before falling off a cliff during a hunt and being reborn.

### Reborn Campaign

Unfazed by being reborn and devoid of his family memories (and no longer being a centaur), Bojo followed the other reborn with the goal of becoming more intelligent and continuing his education for learning economics, or as Bojo calls it, "ecomomics". After meeting the necromancer Azul, Bojo was determined to become his apprentice as he appeared quite knowledgable. After Azul tasked him with leaving nobody alive in a room, Bojo went into a raged frenzy and attacked people left and right until everything was either dead or left the room, therefore leaving nobody alive in the room and Bojo completed his task. When we went to tell Azul to become his apprentice, however, Azul didn't hold his end of the bargain and started attacking Bojo, causing him to put Azul on his no-friend list and side with his fellow reborn for the rest of the campaign.

While searching for clues in a dungeon, the party came across a ritual being conducted by goblins. The party slay or scared away most of the goblins, and Bojo trapped the remaining one that was attempting to escape through a side tunnel. After threatening to kill, demanding release, and then begging for death, the goblin named Schmee eventually came to an agreement with Bojo that Schmee would come along as his pet indefinitely.

Bojo attempted to learn how to read multiple times. It failed spectacularly, so much that Schmee actually learned how to read instead. Bojo decided to learn from Schmee and failed again. During the party's adventures, they came across a stone door with multiple inscriptions. It was at this time that Bojo came to the realization that he indeed knew how to read at an elementary level all along, yet that didn't assist in opening this impenetrable door. He was, however, able to read the title of the book he has been carrying, the "Book of Raisins". He was eager to try these recipes as he liked raisins, though he didn't know when.

In this campaign Bojo was a large barbarian that would often fight first and ask questions later. Due to his impulse he would get tunnel vision when he fought and oftentimes attack his own allies in his rage. In fact, during the dragon fight which was the final battle of this campaign, Bojo managed to incapacitate more of his allies than the dragon did.

### Ashen Campaign

Waking up in a different body was starting to become a common occurrence for Bojo. After defeating the dragon and being transported to an island, Bojo awoke to be in yet another form, this time that of an aggressively attracted male drow. Schmee was quite disturbed by this, so Bojo forced a decapitated horse head upon his face to put his pet at ease. The smell of rot and decay immediately caused Bojo to pass out.

Bojo's tendency to chop off animal heads came back in full force this campaign. He earned the Ram head of the hydra and also secretly killed off the horse the group relied on for movement from Uln to Delot. He also became a devout, though perhaps misinformed, follower of the Observer and carried around gold-painted lead chains wherever he went to signify this.

### Relationships
Schmee: The closest friend that Bojo has, despite trying to kill him multiple times. He becomes more and more loyal as the campaigns go on.

*Nod*: Strong friend of Bojo's, second only to Schmee. By impressing the goblin, *Nod* was able to convince the goblin to not try to poison Bojo and instead join the two as a band of troublemakers.

Baba Yaga: Bojo likes his company, as he gives off a similar vibe as *Nod* for a reason that Bojo has trouble understanding. His murderous tendencies don't seem to bother Bojo too much.

The Lantern Carrier: TLC has a purpose and focuses on carrying her light, and Bojo likes that about her. Bojo also has strong purposes, though he is not sure what they are sometimes. He assisted in relighting TLC's lantern much to her appreciation, then gave her an additional lantern much to her confusion.

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/69sMcF6NEaRNskRybbEs0t" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
