---
layout: post
title:  "Reed Idtentson"
date:   2015-01-5
excerpt: "Paranoid sharpshooter with a large crossbow."
image: /images/prestonPic.png
tag:
- illumina
- drifter 
---

## Reed Idtentson
Campaign: Illumina
**7/9**

### Personality
A skittish sharpshooter with some odd quirks. Reed tends to be hot-headed in his words, but never in action, preferring to take a long amount of time to prepare traps and strategies rather than rush into anything dangerous. His mortality is on shaky ground, being both incredibly invested in saving others and killing others on a whim. Reed tends to be obsessive about decisions he's made and goals he's set for himself, but seldom throws himself in danger. He appears to be a perfectionist in nature, though it is often unclear what he is trying to perfect. He appears to hate <a href="https://drifter-handbook.github.io/iron9" >music</a>.

### Description
A tall and thin half-elf dressed in greens and purples. His massive crossbow, Fakkenel, is topped with a white porcelain deerskull mask. Reed shoots with dangerous accuracy and is capable of shooting arrows along the seams of the realms to topple foes with force damage rather than piercing. Reed is surprisingly nimble, being incredibly agile despite walking with a crooked gait. Reed shoots with stone-tipped arrows and has no metal on any of his clothing. He also has a quiver of tranquilizer arrows.

### Story
While not much is known about Reed's background, it is known that he and Kled were fellow mercenaries with a guild called the Apothecaries. Reed showed up to the guild only a few weeks prior to the drifters' rejoining on the boat. Reed claims to have never been involved with the drifters prior to joining them on the boat, but he is aware of all information regarding the drifters.

Reed carries around a two-headed deer totem. It is known that he goes by a fake name.

### Drifters
Reed was one of the few drifters who saw Sun call down the moon once the boat broke apart, a fact which he appears to be concerned about. He, along with Andel and Kled, are all invested in protecting Sun.

During nighttime, Reed seldom sleeps, but what he does tends to change. Originally, Reed would sit on watch the entire night. Space soon learned that Reed mumbled to himself during these times, and after being followed Reed now appears to write in a notebook instead.

After being dismissed by Patches, Reed knocked out the king and took him to meet the Eagle god. Once the king was rejected by his god, Patches became a part of the drifter group, but Reed refused to take responsibility for the man, claiming that he had done Patches a favor. That being said, once Patches went missing, Reed was the first to offer to go looking for him. When Patches was found, Reed paid his remaining money to have the man taken care of, and broke the key for returning to Patches, claiming that the drifters were no good for him, and that he had done his job of escorting Patches to a people who would take care of him.

Reed has also, however, developed a streak of killing villagers. Reed, along with Asriel and Dadude, shot the farmer outside the tavern. Asriel and Reed also provoked a small farming village into attacking them and the ogre so they could slaughter the village and take their gold.

The sharpshot's reason for travelling to the new world was supposedly to find an anti-magic artifact of some sort. Ever since learning that an anti-magic potion could be made, he has been obsessive about making sure that he can obtain such a thing. His pursuit of the potion doesn't stop him from pursuing other missions, however. He willingly stepped in to help defend Dalot, under the joke that the other drifters "better bury [him] with that goddamn potion".

### Relationships
-Kled: Fellow mercenary in the Apothecary Guild. The two appear to trust each other and fight alongside each other. Reed often pulls Kled and Orro aside for small group missions.
- Orro: Reed appears to have appointed the book-writer as the new leader of the drifters. Orro has repaired parts of Fakkenel, and gives several of his new crafted goods to Reed.
- Andel: There appears to be some level of trust between Reed and Andel, although Reed is notably wary of the man.
- Space: While Reed doesn't appear to be happy about being caught in the middle of the woods by Space, he doesn't appear hostile towards her, and instead seems to entertain her curiosity. He argued for her staying with the drifters, and has tried to revive her sight of the prophets.
- Tasma: Reed has actively stopped Tasma from travelling with him.
-Lady Parhelion, The Lantern Carrier, Sharyn Ann, Reed: All members of a group called the Nine of the North.

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/user/isittooshortornotavailable/playlist/2TrnJNEil54QvmZ2IfYJKm" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
