---
layout: post
title:  "Sariel"
date:   2015-01-10
excerpt: "Shapeshifting druid under wrongful imprisonment."
image: /images/sarielPic.png
tag:
- ashen
- drifter 
---

## Sariel
Campaign: Ashen

### Personality

In the late story of the Ashen arc, Sariel joined the drifters and became known for their take-charge personality and dedication to the drifters as a people rather than an organization. They appear mostly unacclimated to dealing with crowds and people in general, and shows great disdain for the government of the land as well as any who look down on them. Sariel resented the drifters for their involvement in their wrongful imprisonment for several months, but later grew to care for them and take up a leadership role among the drifters. 

### Description

Sariel is a woodelf druid with heavy freckles and twisting inked tattoos running along their forearms and legs. Their hair is coarse and cut shorn. They wear old robes stained with archaic runes that are cut such that they can freely transform into beast shapes. They appear to favor their lion form, a large brown-furred lion with a heavy black mane (with freckles and tattoos incorperated into the fur of the new form). Besides that, Sariel has also been known to take the shape of a fieldmouse, and has claimed the ability to turn into a fish. In combat, they are assertive and often dive into the heart of combat to not only tank damage but direct enemies away from injured allies. They play a control role in the group, and try to distract and dissuade attackers to allow their allies to setup attacks or escape. 

### Story

Not much is known about Sariel prior to their joining the drifters in Besna. It is presumed that Sariel was most likely living in the wilderness or with smaller druidic groups. While Sariel does not appear to be uncomfortable around large cities, they also have a general disregard for formalities.

### Drifters

Sariel joined the drifters on their excursion to the Observer's temple, where they were revealed to be a follower of the Observer and one of the few mortals who openly communicated with the immortal. They played a pivitol role in the fight against Baumen's minons, turning into a lion and sacrificing themselves to plunge the undead beholder into the boiling river nearby. Sariel survived the encounter with severe scalding, and was arrested with the drifters shortly after.

During imprisonment, Sariel grew closer to the drifters, but was still on the fence about whether or not to follow them. At the trial afterwards, Sariel attempted to escape capture by transforming into a mouse, but was soon caught by the guards. They appealled to the king of the land that they had not truly been associated with the drifters at all, in an attempt to bid their own freedom.

Upon the group's release, however, Sariel admitted to not having much idea of where else to go. They rejoined the band of travellers and became invested in not the quest before them, but rather the current band of drifter's and their individual selves. Once the Lantern Carrier dissapeared for the night once again, Sariel gleaned information from the Observer about her whereabouts. They were loud supporters of catching the Seven on behalf of the Lantern Carrier, although they feared that the Lantern Carrier's past with these seven had not been a good one. During the final tavern visit in the Ashen arc, Sariel willingly gave up her arms to enter the tavern and sit beside her, recieving a glass rose in return for their help that day.

### Relationships

-Observer: Sariel worships the Observer, and has called upon her to learn the whereabouts of other drifters.

-The Lantern Carrier: Sariel expresses concern over the Lantern Carrier's strange habits, and especially her ties to the past. The two appear to get along well, however.

-Bojo: Sariel doesn't completely know that Bojo isn't as smart as he appears. 

-Fish: Sariel doesn't like fish much anymore.

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/user/isittooshortornotavailable/playlist/69pPFPxsmt60i5CAUTPhT7" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
