---
layout: post
title:  "Nero"
date:   2015-01-1
excerpt: "Romain legionary with horrid luck."
image: /images/neroPic.png
tag:
- highway
- drifter 
---

## Nero
Campaign: Highway

### Personality
A stoic roman legionairre pulled out of time and space to travel alongside the rest of the highway driftes. Typically known for being the more level-headed of the bunch, and one of the few drifters concerned with their own mortality. Throughout every situation that Nero is put through, he appears to tackle things with a level of levity that many of the other drifters lack. Whether this is a result of his training and temperment or rather simply the fact he hasn't been murdered and revived is unknown, however he proves to be reliable in a fight regardless. Nero is also honorable above all else, becoming disadvantaged when performing dishonorable acts and gaining advantage after living up to his role.

### Description
Nero is a 31 year-old male roman soldier, fitted with appropriate armor and a <a href="https://drifter-handbook.github.io/emblem10" >tower shield</a>. Initially, he fought with his old military-issued spear, but later lost the weapon and his shield and began weilding a baseball bat instead.

### Drifters
Nero survived the longest among the drifters, despite continually being targeted. As Nero became more and more involved with the journeys of the drifters, he drew the ire of Lucielle Johnson, forging a hatred towards the diety that superceded his own consciousness and spilled over into all characters tied to Nero. 

Nero took place in several of the highway drifter's adventures. He became well-known for his involvement in the group and knowledge regarding what they had seen, as he was one of the few drifters who had both been present at and survived most quests. Nero was a front-line fighter and defender in most combat situations.

Nero's honorable nature both aided and disadvantaged him throughout several adventures. He acquired a number of odd traits along his journeys, including alien knowledge, a fear of being watched, and a magic enchantment to make him smell like rotten eggs.

One session, taking place at a carnival, focused on Nero as he bickered with Lucielle Johnson. Before entering the carnival, Lucielle Johnson put a bomb in Nero's chest, forcing the drifters to cooperate and attempt to navigate the carnival under a time limit before their fellow solider exploded. Beating the odds both with the bomb and with the deadly clown traps, Nero managed to survive even this ordeal, and became the longest standing drifter throughout all of the Age of Heroes.

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/user/isittooshortornotavailable/playlist/2LK2cd3nE7JkOLVnacX2K1" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
