---
layout: post
title:  "Mac & Lucy"
date:   2015-01-16
excerpt: "Figure of authority and his study."
image: /images/macPic.png
tag:
- letterer
- ronin
- drifter 
---

## Mac Masterson

Other Known Names: Summit

### 5/9

Campaign: Ronin, MH

### Personality

Generally quite chipper, if distant. Mac's easy demeanor makes friendship with the man easy, and he always seems warm and inviting to newcomers. He has quite a bit of experience in <a href="https://drifter-handbook.github.io/secondBest" >leading soldiers</a>, leading him to quickly take charge of situations and fill the role of commander for younger parties. Even though he is approachable, Mac tends to keep a bit of distance between him and others, preferring not to reveal any of his true feelings or intent regarding a situation. He appears to have a very Laissez-faire take on the places he visits, generally never interfering with the status quo. 

Lucy acts as the focus of Mac's warlock powers. That being said, Lucy is not under the command of Mac, and only provides power for usage. She appears to be quite an aloof cat, generally lounging on Mac's shoulders and occasionally vanishing into nothingness with no warning. She will follow strangers for fun and spend several minutes staring at them before returning to her roost.

### Description

A stout man, clearly belonging to some military organization. Mac has silvery hair, tanned skin, and heavy scarring around his right temple. He stands straight and poised most of the time, and has a threatening demeanor about him when quiet. Mac's wears an odd uniform, somewhere between a formal military getup and tattered black robes. He keeps his gloves on at all times, and carries around an extensive array of thieves tools as well as a large ribbed knife. In battle, Mac prefers to do his planning in advance and let things play out without getting himself involved. Mac avoids confrontation when possible, and prefers to talk things through with his enemies, in hopes of acquiring more allies.

In modern times, Mac is generally found in work clothes. His police uniform is black, and his cap in this uniform has a small silver medallion in the shape of a rat. In his laborer uniforms, he appears in a grey apron and a black baseball cap with a similar stitched rat design.

Lucy is an irregular cat-like creature who's pelt resembles the fabric of space itself. She appears intangible and indestructible, but she does not appear to act like Mac's familiar. She is generally disobedient to any order given to her. She assists Mac in casting magic, but does not offer any further help to him.

### Story

Felicia's brother, and another member of the Nine of the North. While it is unclear what his position is within the organization, the Lantern Carrier has explained that Mac has a past of theivery, and is largely considered one of the best theives in the business. Despite these claims, Mac has always presented himself as an honest and kind man.

### Drifters

Mac and Felicia appeared in Tokyo together, though only Felicia joined up with the Drifters during the Ronin arc. 

Mac later appeared at the grocery market in America, where he claimed to be a former police officer in Tokyo. He picked up employment in America at the grocery market to move closer to where his sister lived. After Lucielle Johnson's appearance, Mac became visibly concerned for how the situation was heading. During his time at the market, Mac mentored [that emo kid] in how to drive, and later assisted the kid in ramming his car into the demonic deer outside the market. During the ensuing crash, Mac was injured and knocked unconscious. While unconscious, he had visions of Lucy the cat and accidentally acquired her powers. Realizing that Lucy was the same creature that Lucielle Johnson was looking for, Mac decided to flee and steal the cat for himself.

During the oneshot with Mach, Mac appears under the name "Summit" and assists the drifters in fending off local wildlife and transporting some illegal poisons into a nearby town. Mac serves [I don't remember Cindy's character here either] as her squire, and has stolen a small heirloom from her family in secret. This heirloom serves as a gem of minor anti-magic.

### Letterer

Mac and Lucy are well-respected members of a small hunter's guild on the outskirts of the new continent. One of the few major researchers of the facility, Mac is often accompanied by a small band of hunters who protect and aid him in his travels and investigations. While the main subject of Mac's research is his cat Lucy, he also shares a great interest in inter-realm travel and the creatures which inhabit other planes of existence. When fighting the first planar creature, Mac revealed that he (like the blood race creatures) is not originally from this realm of existence. 

### Relationships

- Felicia: Twin siblings. Mac appears to be much more collected and friendly, while Felicia tends to be much more cocky and arrogant. Similarily, Felicia is a lone wolf whereas Mac tends to surround himself with allies.

- 9otN: Belongs to the organization, though his role and status is unknown. Lantern Carrier has praised his ability in the past, but has also implied she does not like him very much.

- Soren: A fellow researcher who Mac gets along well with. While Mac does not seem to trust Soren, he is friendly and inviting towards the elf.

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/7mzEE9BLmlSW32s0DsxnKi" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
