---
layout: post
title:  "Dalot"
date:   2017-01-10
excerpt: "City formed by and dedicated to Baumen."
image: /images/dalotPic.png
tag:
- illumina
- places 
---

## Dalot
Campaign: Illumina

### Description

Dalot is a large, centralized city that is largely nocturnal. It is a city of tourism and commerce, but also has a well established miltary presence and educational system. Dalot is formed around large white wooden walls that appear to be carved from the ground. The outskirts of the city are dotted with smaller lakes and large expanses of forest, as well as many well-worn trails used by travellers. The three enterances to Dalot are large wooden bridges carved from tree roots which pass over the water. A large, guarded gate marks the most-travelled enterance. Within the city itself lie a great island, and all the spires and rooftops are made of the same wood (rumored to have been carved by Baumen himself). At night, the city becomes alight with multicolored fireflies that pass over the streets and take up residence in lampposts and any crevices they find.

The city itself is well-decorated, with most buildings having an artistic feature such as stained-glass, murals, or banners hanging from their eaves.

Dalot leads an alliance of the Thayman Isles against the southland. They have a king which manages these wartime affairs. The military presence in town is seperated into two factions: the Swords and the Shields of Dalot. The Shields protect the city and lead defensive efforts. The Swords are scarcer and their role unknown. They wear white porcalain masks that resemble monstrous deer. The entire city is quite religious, boasting a large chapel and having nearly all the town's permanent residents worship Baumen.

### Notable Locations

The Circular Hearth - The headquarters of the drifters during their time in Dalot. A ranch-style restaurant with three long circular fire pits running along the length of the building. One of the only taverns visited by the drifters that has had good food to eat, and been somewhat visually appealing. The building is frequented by gamblers, who hang outside its quarters. The second story of the building is a small inn with a large singular window. Jack Septiceye the Gnome manages the affairs of the Circular Hearth. Athil was killed and buried in this location, and most of it burnt down with the Seige of Dalot.

The Leaking Tap - An alchemy shop run by Botholen. Multicolored alchemical waste runs down the troughs of the shop. The interior is mostly bookshelves, with glass bottles strewn across the cieling's arches.

The Docks - Dalot is the port for most new arrivals to the continent. As such, their docks are vast. Several large ships with all colors of flags sit in the harbor, and small schooners are shuffled between them.

### Drifters 

The Drifters were originally headed towards the city of Dalot when they first set sail at the start of the Illumina saga. After having their fleet destroyed and eventually rejoining the mainland, the Drifters decided the best course of action would be to head to set course for Dalot.

After several misadventures, the group eventually found their way into the city after hitching a ride with a band of traders that Heimricht and Rammstein had helped on the road outside. After settling at the Circular Hearth, the band decided to stick with that as their meeting place. On their way into the city, they passed a group of knights from the city, the Shields of Dalot.

Their first night in Dalot brought them dreams warning of Baumen's death. The following day they split up, with one group headed outside the city to retrieve their lost companion Patches and the other group going to find the alchemist shop, the Leaking Tap, and stop by the docks. Patches was successfully retrieved and dropped off with the local church's apothecary, while the other group got up to other shenanigans.

The following day, the six Shield soldiers that had passed the drifters on their way out of town were brought back to town, killed by an outside force. The Seige of Dalot begins, and the drifters aid the remaining Shields in the defense of the western wall of the city, facing the ocean. Dalot falls within hours, with the Swords rounding up the remaining soldiers and repositioning everyone within the inner island of the city, where the last set of walls guards the underground pools.

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/6VRonw4RHda8JkNnh8TRYU" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
