---
layout: post
title:  "The Maldova Family Estate"
date:   2017-05-8
excerpt: "Haunted manor in the midst of the forest."
image: /images/moldovaPic.png
tag:
- drachend
- places 
---

## The Maldova Family Estate
Campaign: Drachend

### Building
A large manor in the middle of a forest overlooking the ocean. A well-built structure with large sprawling gardens in the front and back. The interior of the manor has plenty of space and beds, as well as a full dining room, ballroom, library, and offices. The manor is located in the midst of a magical forest, where supposedly an "entrancing song" is said to echo through the trees at night.

The entire estate is encapsulated in a time loop reliving the day where the inhabitants were murdered. There is only one living inhabitant of the house who remains, the groundskeeper. The ghosts of the family members such as the father, grandmother, and daughter, still live in the manor, reliving the raiding and murder of each other.

### Drifters
The drifters visited the manor in three seperate groups. Each was welcomed into the home, but as night struck they were attacked by the undead family members. Only the father and groundskeeper appeared to acknowledge their own history, and the father had stuck a deal with a mad god, the condition being that he must sacrifice one of the drifters. After learning the manor's history and dealing with the monsters within, the drifters awoke to find themselves sleeping on the grass, with no estate in sight. 
