---
layout: post
title:  "Corrupted Cave Ogre"
date:   2014-01-5
excerpt: "Gigantic parasitic monster guarding a bloodore mine."
image: /images/bentenPic.png
tag:
- illumina
- monsters 
---

## Corrupted Cave Ogre
Campaign: Illumina

### Description

A monstrous version of a cave ogre who appears to have been affected by the parasites of Cal'Kadoth. While the Corrupted Cave Ogre still resembles its base form to some degree, a large portion of its body has rotten away and been overcome by twisting tentacles. It now uses those tentacles prioritized over its other limbs, lashing out against intruders onto its land. Large black eyes cover its body like growths. Gazing into any of its eyes is like staring into a starry night. The creature is volatile and seemingly unintelligent, mustering only enough thought to tear its prey apart. It guards the pool of water in its cave, sinking its limbs into the rocky cave cieling and using its tentacles to secure its position up there until something wanders into its path. 

The creature is difficult to distract, and can parse information from all of its eyes at once. Destroying the eyes is irritating to the monster, but not as much as one would hope. Its tentacles deal massive damage in close quarters, lashing out with strength to rival a kraken's. The creature must be killed with persistance and defensiveness, rather than a quick and clever assault.

### Drifters

While running a mission for a local alchemist, the Drifters set foot into the bloodore mines outside of a small village. While a large group of Drifters made their way down into the tunnels, several suddenly fell ill, losing consciousness and having their eyes turn "black like a starry night". Andel, Heimrich, and Rammstien managed to take the fallen Drifters to safety, then continued the investigation on their own. Upon arriving in the chamber with the bloodore, the Drifters found the Corrupted Cave Ogre attached to the ceiling, ready to pounce. The ogre ripped a massive stalagtite from the cieling and chucked it at the three, injuring all in the hit and badly wounding Andel with the stone's shrapnel. Rammstien was able to retrieve Andel from the wreckage and get everyone to safety in the village above.

Upon reuniting with Reed and Asriel, who had been dealing with affairs in the village above, the group began to form a new plan for moving forward. Reed and Asriel were greatly dissapointed by hearing that the others had failed in their objective, and decided to set out together to confront the Corrupted Cave Ogre, but were talked down into resting for the night and heading down in the morning by Andel. Once morning came, the five set off for the tunnels once more.

Since the shrapnel from the stalagtite had caused a cave-in, Heimrich, Rammstien, and Asriel worked to clear rubble from the chamber's enterance while Reed and Andel took cover behind them to prepare ranged attacks and healing. The noise from the excavation woke the Cave Ogre, and it burst through the remaining rubble, knocking back the party with its massive black tentacles. 

The fight was in close quarters, with Asriel and the goblin brothers attempting to shield their party by blocking the Cave Ogre's path. While they took greivous damage, Andel spent all his effort in keeping everyone on their feet, pulling up fallen members and reviving them with the power of Evra. Reed failed spectacularily in using his newly acquired sleep arrows, throwing several away in puffs of lavender smoke as they failed to stun the monster. In the end, the goblin brothers and Asriel managed to subdue the creature by continuously hacking away at its tentacles, not so much driving it back as stoping its advancement down the corridor. Finally, the monster was subdued, and the team moved forward to grab their hard-won prize.

Heimrich and Ramstien kept one of the Corrupted Cave Ogre's tentacles, which one wore briefly as a scarf.
Reed acquired several of the creature's eyes, which he traded to the alchemist for a potion of anti-magic.
Spacejam and Orro also investigated the eyes and tentacles of the creature.

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/6HSr2cXnPWImIh2Bl2thlN" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
