---
layout: post
title:  "Lord E'Gal"
date:   2014-01-5
excerpt: "Eagle of Light who is the patron of Northwatch"
image: /images/eaglePic.png
tag:
- illumina
- immortals 
---

## E'Gal
Campaign: Illumina

### Personality
Not much is known yet about the personality of Lord E'Gal. It appears to be a kind minor immortal who was corrupted by Cal'Cadoth. Lord E'Gal was a revered diety in Northwatch, symbolized in gold across the main keep. It appears to have a more grounded presence in the island than most other gods, possibly residing among its followers.

### Mythos
In its corrupted state, Lord E'Gal is nearly 8 feet tall and has airated talons capable of gutting and goring. It appears to be incredibly sturdy and resilient, with its wings deflecting arrows and magic. Lord E'Gal is the patron of Northwatch, and typically appears as a giant eagle made of light. While most other mythos is unknown regarding this creature, it appears to be a minor diety who appears to play a more active role with its followers than most other gods in the animal pantheon. 

Lord E'Gal has immense speed and strength, being capable of attacking and swooping anywhere on the battlefield and dishing out respectable damage. It has no discernable weakspot. When uncorrupted, Lord E'Gal is shown to possess the ability of teleportation, and appears to be omnipresent to some degree (aware of its followers). It is possible that Lord E'Gal is not the only eagle god in this island, as there are implied to be more than one eagle at the keep.

### Drifters
Upon talking with Patches at Northwatch, the drifters learned that giant eagles had once lived in the keep at the center of the island. Thinking that they might use the eagles to flee the island, the drifters made their way over and snuck into the building to search. As Asreal, Kled, and Tasma entered into the keep, they noticed a crowned figure on a throne, a woman about 6 feet tall, with similar colors to Patches. The princess of Northwathc She wore chain leggings and a loose crown, a crossbow on her back. Her chestplate had the emblem of an Eagle emblazoned upon it with arcane magic swirling around her and a rapier at her hip. With a surge of magic, she summoned a corrupted version of Lord E'Gal, who dropped down in front of the drifters to attack.

Lord E'Gal struck down several of the drifters, dropping both Tasma and the goblin sorcerer Slinky with a charge and a rake of its claws. As Rammstein entered the battle he hurled an unconscious Patches at Lord E'Gal, which did no damage. Once Kled finally beheaded. the princess, the drifters began to focus fighting Lord E'Gal.

As the Eagle charged Rammstein, the goblin channeled the energy into his hand before lashing out with a powerful punch. Electricity whirled as the sound of a steam roller is heard, connecting into Lord E'gal and shattering its corrupted form. The eagle exploded into shards of light, drifting down like snow onto the ground. Lord E'Gal then transformed into an eagle made of golden light, taller and wider than it once was, its wider stance filling the room. Before the throne room could be overrun by water zombies, Lord E'Gal saved the drifters by teleporting them to their destination far away.

Once the princess of Northwatch was buried following the fight, an eagle cry could be heard, and Lord E'Gal sent a single feather to rest on the princess's grave. Sunny was also given a staff following the fight, presumed to have been created and gifted by Lord E'Gal.

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/user/isittooshortornotavailable/playlist/7qi5lVSe6bssl6Apgu1tYG" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
