---
layout: post
title:  "Kyurikom"
date:   2018-01-17
excerpt: "A young demon with a knack for horrible inventions."
image: /images/kyurikomPic.png
tag:
- Fly By Night
- monsters 
---

## Kyurikom
Campaign: Fly By Night

### Description

A spry, energetic demon child, Kyurikom appears as a small fennec fox with glasses. Kyurikom is the only child of Anastasia, an elder demon who built the namesake tower and shared her son's knack for inventing. While he resembles a fox in most ways, Kyurikom shows remarkable dexterity, being able to manipulate tools and write the same as a human might. 

Despite his frail appearance, Kyurikom is quite nimble and tricky. His inventions prove harmful to mankind, but are often times taken straight from the modern era and demonstrate his uncanny intelligence for his age. Like most demonic offspring, Kyurikom has a natural knack for arcana, near-blindness and fire resistance.

### Drifters

Shortly after his birth, Kyurikom became trapped in his namesake's tower after his mother attempted to kill him. Hiding in a barricaded hallway, Kyurikom read up on the texts nearby, fiddled around with inventions, and manned the com station outside the tower. Once the Drifters arrived to clear out the tower, Kyurikom let them in, asking them to kill the demon within the tower.

The Drifters <a href="https://drifter-handbook.github.io/hostess" > met with Anastasia</a> and, upon destroying her robots and most of the library, found Kyurikom in his hiding spot. While the Drifters dealt with Anastasia, Kyurikom offered his moral support from the corner. After being called out for not helping, Kyurikom darted out and tore out Anastasia's eye while she slept (put to sleep by Dyo's demonic flute).

As the fight continued, Nero commanded Dante to fetch Kyurikom, and the dog complied. Kyurikom posed no threat and instead went into hiding with Mytharious Orthello Casimer II until Anastasia was killed. Afterwards, he thanked the Drifters, and began to take over the tower for himself.

Kyurikom revealed that he was only a few days old, and had no idea why the tower was named after him, nor why his mother was building the music box in the center of the building. On Texas's request, he retrieved the prototype lightbulb from the top of the room to take back to the Gold Master, and offered to lend his inventive mind towards creating all sorts of gadgets and gizmo's the world could use. Nero grew distressed upon hearing this, and talked the demon out of continuing his work on the principle that not only did his inventions cause harm to non-demons, but also because they were not yet marketable. Kyurikom took these lessons to heart, promising to keep his inventions to himself, lest the Drifters once again come to the tower to clean it out for good.

That being said, it does not seem as though his spirit was broken in the slightest. 

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/playlist/4W4u3IWF13lXi5veBxXivy" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
