---
layout: post
title:  "Day 1"
date:   2020-01-15
excerpt: "Moving day"
image: /images/matriarchPic.png
tag:
- Maywood's Diary
- writings 
---

## Day 1

Moved into the new house today. The town name hasn't been decided, but it's just southwest of the merchant's road, and only a few miles into the Blue Mist woods. Mom and dad wanted to come see me off, but I insisted on making the journey myself. I packed up a bag of food and a bag of essentials and left at dawn. Thought that it'd take me less time to get here, but it was nearly sunset when I arrived.

The house is pretty empty. I don't know whether someone lived here before or not, it's honestly a bit tough to tell. There's a bed and a chest, plus part of a table and a couple chairs. That's all there is for furniture though, and the bed doesn't have a mattress. There's a small hearth in the far end of the room which is too far away from the bed to be useful. I'd be lying if I said I didn't love the place though. The kitchen is nice, just a few counters with windows on either side. The bedroom is also rather cozy. I think as soon as I set up a workbench back there, I'll grow to love the little space.

It's late and I'm pretty tired. A lot happened today, but hopefully less will be happening tomorrow. Short recap time.

Got here and the town's leader, Onara, showed me over to this house. She seemed pretty busy so I decided to not ask questions. She seemed pretty nice, even lent me the firewood from the woodcutting area outside. I don't think she's step foot in here for a while though. It's very dusty and, as mentioned before, no mattress. She doesn't seem the sort to not give a guest a bed, so I'm guessing she just doesn't come in here much.

The town's only got a few buildings in it, but there's an aquaduct that they started over from the river next to my house. I bet that's what Onara will want me to work on while I'm here. Not sure how successful I'll be, but maybe I'll be able to prove my worth with some extra woodcutting on the side.

There was one odd thing that happened before I settled down for the night. Thought that I saw a Baywolf on the opposite side of the riverbank. There were a few back home, but we mostly heard them rustling around in the night and never saw them. I guess since I'm away from people though, it would make sense that the Baywolves out here are a bit more present. I wonder if they'd be mad if I fished from the river. Maybe I can ask.

Is it worth filling my empty bags with brush to use as a pillow? It's long been dark outside, and it would be a pain to clean out, but I'd like to have something. Well… then again, if I’m going without a mattress, maybe I should just deal with no comfort for tonight. 

Nope that sounds awful. Grass pillow it is.
